[Music]
[Applause]
so you're playing some computer game and
suddenly stumble upon a place that turns
out to be a reference to a completely
different universe
hey that's a nice Easter egg from the
developers and now imagine you've gone
out shopping and bumped into a creature
from the alien invaders game in real
life our life is also a game and Easter
eggs like that are hidden all around the
world here are just a few of them if you
happen to be in Louisville Kentucky you
might find yourself around a parking lot
near a mall at the intersection of
DuPont Road and new Dutchman's Parkway
there's nothing peculiar about the place
except a small green patch surrounded by
neatly trimmed bushes now if you look at
it from the mall you'll see a small
metal gate behind which is a cemetery
sounds creepy but this story is rather
sweet
it's a family cemetery of a farmer who
used to live here in the 19th century
the farm is long gone
but the plot remains respected by the
local community jeep compass
manufacturers have had a lot of fun
designing the car it's rumored to have
several Easter eggs at once but the most
amusing is probably the one you can find
on the dead pedal if you look closely
you'll see it has a pattern on it it's
actually a Morse code which says from
left to right sand snow rivers rocks
must be everything the car can drive
over a
someone must be really worried about
medical students being able to cook for
themselves because there's no other
explanation to this entry in a medical
book all right apart from it being a
really bad recipe for roast potatoes who
doesn't like that it seems to be a fake
entry meant for copyright protection now
here's a more useful fine imagine buying
a bicycle and suddenly realizing there's
a hidden figure in it
a bottle opener yeah that happens so if
the lucky owner of the bike is keen on
drinking their coke from glass bottles
they have a go-to situation old Nokia
phones were not only the sturdiest of
all they were also the friendliest if
you take off the front cover of a Nokia
5110 it'll take some effort as you'll
understand you'll see a happy smiley
face to brighten up your day ah Liberty
Science Center in New Jersey holds an
annual pi day on you guessed it March
14th and to celebrate this magical
number they even put it on a plaque in
the pavement but the plaque couldn't
hold all the might of the PI so it's
breaking the boundaries of the circle
now I strongly recommend not to repeat
this if you don't want to avoid your
Xbox warranty but if you don't care feel
free you'll need to crack open the Xbox
one X and look at its circuit board
there's a cute little Master Chief
sitting on top a scorpion itched into
the board it's both a reference to the
One X's prototype named Project Scorpio
and the tank's master chief sometimes
rides in the Halo games Nintendo being a
Japanese company seems to feel a strong
bond with its past it shows in the Super
Mario Brothers game for Nintendo Wii
namely on the disc itself look how the
characters on it are placed
if you had an old Nintendo console
you'll immediately recognize the
placement and colors of the buttons on
its gamepad if you're a fan of Lego who
is it though you might know they have a
model of the Saturn 5 as one of their
kids Saturn 5 was the launch rocket that
supported the Apollo space missions from
1967 to 1973
most notably it aided in the safe launch
of the first two people on the moon in
1969 and guess how many pieces the
saturn v lego model has that's right
[Music]
1969 hey ever seen the mighty boosh your
knowledge will be useful now because
here's a reference to it left on the
ceiling of some office building ever
drink Bailey's from a shoe
I wonder who would leave it there and
why and here's a couple of shots
actually made by our subscriber who sent
them to us and inspired this whole video
by the way if you have awesome ideas of
your own feel free to write them in the
comments this one is from Saint
Petersburg Russia where some Beatles
fans made a tribute to their idols by
naming a whole street after John Lennon
complete with the Yellow Submarine and
all you can find it right in the heart
of the city now this looks ominous an
umbrella corporation truck on the
outskirts of the same city I hope the
guy who sent it to us is OK after
shooting this if you're watching this
video leave a comment please I have no
idea why someone would do this to this
poor ducky or their car for that matter
but I guess it's some sort of a lucky
talisman the ducky itself is not so
lucky though unlucky ducky huh strolling
around the town you might expect to meet
a couple of dogs but not like this one
even though it's doing some dirty
business it looks too cute
in baden-baden Germany you'll find
wonderful hot springs serene landscapes
and horses on the balconies yep there's
a horse standing on a living building
balcony as if it should be there
probably a Witcher 3 reference what do
you think I'm not sure what Sweden is
all about but if you find yourself in
the airport of Stockholm you might see
these two little buddies in there their
plush and made for you to flush yes if
you're thinking bathroom that's where
they belong if you know why they're made
into toys tell me in the comments well
yeah
Innsbruck is a city in tyrol austria
famous for its ski resorts and the local
government seems to love this occupation
since here's what the town's traffic
lights look like never just a pedestrian
always a skier at heart
speaking of snowy mountains ever looked
at the Toblerone chocolate package
inspect the logo closely enough and
you'll see a bear figure inside the
mountain that's a reference to Bern
Switzerland where the chocolate is
produced which also means bear it's no
real surprise to see all kinds of ads in
the streets but they're usually quite
obvious this one in Limassol Cyprus is
definitely not it's just a giant duckie
on the roof of a random building glitch
in the matrix perhaps sure hope it
doesn't crack the ceiling
[Music]
if you visit the z1 motorsports website
get your business there done and close
the tab with it you're good but if you
switch from it without closing it'll
definitely remind you of itself look at
the top of the page it Rick rolls you on
September 9th 2015 queen elizabeth ii
became the longest reigning British
monarch in history beating the record of
Queen Victoria Google decided to
celebrate it in a humorous way if you
open Google Maps and hover over the
British Palace the dangly yellow
figurine in the lower right corner the
one that you picked a drop for a street
view will take on the appearance of the
Queen the same happens if you travel to
the Balmoral Castle and Windsor Castle
try it
[Music]
decorations are meant to be seen right
then it's kind of a mystery why Ripley's
Aquarium in Toronto Canada decorated
this roof the two swimming sharks on top
of the building can only be seen from
the CN Tower nearby or from space you
can find it on Google Maps and finally
if you're a proud owner of a camouflage
coloured controller for Sony Playstation
4 you might be amused to learn that
there are four more controllers in your
hands look at these spots here look
familiar right there's no official
confirmation it was made on purpose but
you and I just know it hey if you learn
something new today then give the video
a like and share it with a friend and
here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life